And one of the things I'm particularly interested in is the prospect of us making some progress on video over the course of the next two quarters, by which I mean in particular sort of mainstream embedded video, such that it's an opportunity that we think exists and that we want to pursue. And you obviously were quite heavily involved in the giveaway work, right? So I'm just curious, yes. So to get any initial
reflections that you've got on, you know, the prospect of that as being something that might add value to the user experience of God.uk and any of the sort of the critical things that you think would need to be considered as part of any work around that. Yeah, so I think my initial takeaway from that project was I'm not convinced that there is a like Holy Grail use case for video on embedded video on mainstream.
I think there are certain people who absorb information better through video, but I have no idea how big of a segment that is. My gut feeling is that most people prefer to not do that, just in terms of usability and text and all that stuff. I don't think video on mainstream is a bad idea, just outright, but I haven't been able to come up with, oh this is yeah, we should definitely
in the specific use case that we brilliant. And then so that's like usability and the actual user experience of having it online stream. The other side of the coin is like creation. So shooting, editing, conceiving of the content is a whole other like skill set to writing content and like web digital
skills, work content, that kind of thing. Which obviously, there's lots of people who are very good at that, but I don't know how many of them work here at the moment. Yes, it's very true. And certainly that's, it's not dissimilar to, for instance, conversations we're having around social alignment. So we know, for instance, that we know we will expand into social. We know that one of those channels, for instance, will
YouTube. There's a crossover between the sort of the conversation around to what extent is there some utility to video in in the industry. But it's not the expectation for instance that we think we do have a very particular use case or YouTube which we think is an extension of the guffee cave brand. It's not necessarily replicating or I suppose repeating what we
currently do within a couple of cases, a new channel is a new experience for us, it's completely different. The skills that we would require probably for helping us to work on YouTube would be the same that we would require in order to to realize the potential of video on mainstream, although interestingly enough, this is one of the big conversations that we've been having as that what you absolutely couldn't do for instance is just an expect,
any content you might create, you know, in respect of child benefit eligibility and sort of how to apply for instance that you might think would work on YouTube and that does work on YouTube. But you would just embed that image of your mind and that would work. But it is in particular thinking about what is the objective with regard to your image? Do you mind we wanting to provide a different means of consuming the
same information or are we trying to augment the way in which the user is able to consume and understand what they're supposed to do as an aid. I think when I talk to John Synerov-Hasper and John very clear, if you also need a video in order to ensure that your written content is sufficiently consumable and accessible for a system probably failed in a provision of a
content which is obviously really fair. So it's also really interesting things for us to sort of pick over in there but in terms of capability and skills required etc much like the wider work that will end up doing around social media more generally for instance I wouldn't be expecting content designers to sort of look at the pivot and start producing video right like it's where people have a desire to kind of get that experience like crack on or
power to the old over, yeah that's the sort of capability we'd have to read the buy or recruit in. Yeah, what was your sort of takeaway from, like although I don't think as you said like a hard fast use case, do you think that there are avenues for exploration that make more sense than others? Honestly,
I don't, so the one thing we looked at, I kind of have found this, but there was a video I think made for people who were about to do jury service. And that I thought was probably as good of a use case for video in this context as could exist because it's about, it's showcasing kind of an experiential thing of, I don't know, I'm kind of terrified, I don't know what it's like to be a juror, courtrooms are scary, and there's this, you know, six
video that explains exactly how the process is going to work and there's just a lot of weight in around. Because everything else I could think of for it working on mainstream would I think eventually I got to the conclusion that it was better served by written content? It's a really tricky problem. I think part of my, like what I would try to pay attention to is there seems over the past 10 years to have been a pivot to video just because
Yeah, right so people just as this this idea that oh well We don't currently do video but but we should because videos it's just it's just better and more advanced and more interesting and more exciting and you can do more with it But I know I don't I'd nothing comes to mind immediately for this is somewhere where we should we should try it Yeah, yeah, that's interesting because I've been one of the things that we're trying
to nothing else actually is to establish that we're able to demonstrate that's why that's the case. So obviously right now we don't currently, although we've had that trial experiment with whatever we want to describe it, which is in many different ways really imperfect around child benefit, the age of age, for instance. On the way, Alan reminds me actually also, we need to go back in a good time on that.
But it's the exercise of sort of doing this work as much about sort of reinforcing ourselves or reinforcing our belief if that's true. There isn't really a utility or a value to doing this, at least from the use of perspective. Being able in that context to sort of show our workings is super helpful, I think, providing a more defensible position with departments
You know, senior stakeholders, and this is a set, you just say, what's the school on a video? I want a jazzy video with some music and all this sort of all of this. It's much easier for us to be able to select. We've done this experimentation, we've done this testing, right? We've drawn the conclusions, and this is the evidence that it's based on, et cetera. Whereas right now, we kind of lead on sort of, it's not in the style guide, it's not in the guide, it's like, so therefore sort of, let's cut off.
which is super interesting but yeah. Do you think there's a possession of our community in Mujem on the idea that we could perhaps experiment with it and sort of see where it takes us and see what we have opportunities? I think there's this sort of open-mindedness to the idea that like doing the experiments are and themselves a good thing or the sort of perceived risks outweigh
the potential opportunities. I think my feeling is as long as it's made explicitly clear that they are experiments and that we really need to collect the data about whether people find users find videos useful and how many of them find them useful. Then I think generally, yeah, there's an open-mindedness to kind of try new things. Having said that, I do think most people are coming from a place of
I can't off the top of my head think of a good place for a video right now. Not to say that there is one and I don't think people are just like, no, off right off the bat. But I think, yeah, as long as it's, we're very clearly kind of checking this out as opposed to, we're putting stuff on mainstream and we've got to figure out how to do it. Then yeah, I think that work. Yeah, no, that's good. And so when I'm just chatting to Joe and to John
now, Alex just now, we're talking about OKRs, the next couple of orders, et cetera. And I think we're probably going to do a discovery in this space to try and answer some of those questions, right? And it might be that the completions we draw from that are, you know, like, we really can't identify a obvious use case other than, for instance, the type that you describe, right? And there might be some others that fit into a similar type of context. And then I
I think, you know, sort of throwing some conclusions around, well, OK, like, these are the contexts in which that makes sense. And these are the ways in which we think, for instance, if you identify the context in which it makes sense, which means the specification and the criteria that we've defined, like, this is the way in which you proceed to sort of develop something that, you know, within the overall, or complement the overall user experience around
particular bit of content or use journey for instance. And you know this is the sort of the blueprint or the style guide if you will in effect for sort of authorized copy and care content. There's still a bit of a video and that will help us draw some conclusions I think similarly around YouTube. I mean YouTube is a very different way to try to sort of a you know people are using it as a as a sort of a meagre of a channel and it's a
I was with YouTube and Google on Tuesday and they drew up some really interesting analysis of the types of things that people were searching for in YouTube as opposed to on Google the extended tuition. And there's some effect agree of sort of parity between types of problem that people are trying to find sort of answers to within YouTube to those that you would normally see that redirected from within
Google for instance, onto the platform. And there's a clear sort of gap in the market for like authorized WK, I suppose, WK style content with a clear onward journey into the relevant part of the WK domain prison. So we think we've got a reasonable use case there and then also some early ideas
for the types of areas that we want to pilot to my content. I think the next action for us to take will be to talk to the relevant rainbow teams to understand, well, we're sort of, okay, what do we think the relationship would be between content that we might create in YouTube to solve what we could use and need, and then the sort of the on-platform experience, whether that be right now on domain or along with references in the app. Thinking about those
of things is it's precisely the kind of the kind of input that we really the great red teams have in that space really so you won't necessarily be looking to them to create video content for us but in helping us think about the viability and the integrity of the every user journey between those different channels so yeah that would be super interesting yeah more generally how we're sort of you're on green team right yeah how
How are you also creating some boom for the Tomlady Rar a little bit in recent weeks? How are things feeling? How are you thinking about stuff? Yeah, good. I think the general feeling within Greens is kind of similar to the other rainbow teams, which is we shouldn't give the keys to mainstream to other departments. That will be, that feels like a bit of a one way street in a death now for the incredible quality that
is mainstream-gave UK. But yeah, I think it's settled down a little bit now. We're all more comfortable with the fact that we're not doing that. And we're just exploring what and how we can solve a few of the problems you guys raised. Yeah. Yeah, it's business usually at this point. Yeah, no, that's encouraging. I think we, yeah, it's absolutely
true that nobody wants to, you know, as various people have described as sort of, you know, hand over the keys, if you will. You know, that's a phrase which has been used by other stakeholders as well as byouts. Did something around sort of managing the expectations internally as well within cabinet office? Alex Chisholm, for example, in the section, has an apetite review of the way in which we sort of, you know, administer the mainstream estate for
which is quite a bit of a hard-over on the sense that in our sort of, we, you know, each struggle is, I think, to see the value that we provide and I think it's one of the things that we've got to do over this next few quarters alongside doing that work, which is with HMRC to figure out what are different ways which we can maintain that quality.
and delivering more efficient ways for instances is simultaneously being able to better evidence and to articulate the value that the high quality content delivers. And if we're able to make that case successfully, I think intuitively, we all know it's a really valuable thing, right? And we all know that it has a net benefit for users in terms of their ability to do
the things or to understand, you know, there are responsibilities and the actions they need to take in respect for a particular thing. And consequently, you know, because of that, it has a net benefit for departments in the cost of administering those particular services or ensuring that people are undertaken the action they need to take at the point where they need to take it and all of those sorts of things is much greater. I think the critical thing for us to do is if you've got that, you know, sort of that
knowledge and the high quality content is a determining factor in those things. Then being able to evidence the document clearly precisely sort of the way in which you assure that high quality content and that's why the processes and the workflows and the criteria that we've developed over the course of a decade by within the cup and cake and we still in a sort of a plan
and that's the way in which we manage that particular thing. That gives us the far more license to be able to dictate terms to what the government is about, you know, sort of precisely what that looks like, and critically as well. Which I do think is super important. And we'll be, you know, even more important when we get to the stage of scaling, you know, the service and the experience within the app, which happens sort of back end of next calendar year.
We're going to have to be able to exert a bar more influence across both Whitehall and the service domain than we currently do. We sort of consent ourselves right now that we've like, we've regard to mainstream white. We've established a really high bar of fidelity and quality. And that's a really good thing. And although it's sort of accounts for, you know, whatever it is, sort of 78%
across across Coptic E-Cafers. Most people then go on to do something in a service domain, right? And the quality of that experience is there's three franchises overnight. There is no user understanding about the fact that the green button is there's two different things on the side of it. Right, so it's also on one side and someone else on the other. It's for a user. It's all got you. Yeah, and I think we use
sort of one of the things we want to get to probably have the course of this next year and of our suspending review and we're able to start making the case but you know what do we want the purpose and the objectives and the scope of this, this function that we deliver at the central government within GDS to be establishing some of those things, getting clarity around it, being able to have evidence when it's that you know if other government departments do was you know sometimes they tell us want to have greater
then it's sort of ultimate, it's a way to be able to manage, but maintain more of their, their own content, for instance. Like, this is the admission price. These are the things that they will have to satisfy in order to be able to do that. And if they can't satisfy those things, they're going to play. And if they don't get to play, that means we have to do that work. And if we have to do that work, that in case of a public capital office and to GDS, it's a public case, we need to be funded adequately for that.
My sense is that we're strengthening our arm, I think, probably to be able to make a more strategic page for greater investment down the line. Which hopefully will enable us to continue doing all the things that we do at Mainstream. But then also to reach further into the service domain and think about what are the things we can do to improve contact quality there. Particularly because that's going to be something that's super important when we've got a
a relationship between the top 75 services and CDDO have identified as being a great strategic and sort of political importance and value to use as for instance. And that those are going to be sitting in the outp right like this at that point there is no distinction between, you know, well some of the service don't mean well some of the top domains. Yeah interesting times but the good to know that sort of, that's sort of the
the anxiety or the concern around that is starting to dissipate a little bit. Yeah, I think a lot of people have just put it, just put thinking about it on hold until we know what's what's going on. But yeah, I mean, I think I think people are generally on board with with figuring out whether it can work. Just not necessarily well, not necessarily
starting not at all on board with just outright doing it from day one. Yeah. Yeah. It feels very permanent and potentially very damaging over the next, you know, long, like over the long term to do it uncritically, which I know we're not going to do, but I think that's immediately what people started worrying about. Yeah. Which is fair and is reasonable, right? It's good. And it's really thing else, like related to that, or to anything else around the wider strategy,
or anything, WK, for instance, that you sort of curious about, or, well, so many questions around. I'm not sure if this comes out as a question or just a thing. I've been picking up over the past few weeks. People, well, possibly months, people dropping things and slack about how this service is all screwed up, and this is definitely not worked, or like something's
been changed here that doesn't meet the design system guidelines of the service guidelines. And just thinking about departments having access to maintain some of their own content, they're being a bar to meet before they're given access. We've kind of seen that services will go through review and then we'll be assessed at that point and we'll tell them, OK, well, you definitely can't
this because you know it's a terribly easy journey. But then after the fact there isn't really, I think it the honest is on them to come back for secondary reviews if they make any major changes. So the single point check doesn't seem like it works necessarily for content quality. So I was just I'm just curious and this isn't for you to answer now because I don't know if anyone has the answers. But kind of maintaining checking and rechecking the
the department is still meeting our requirements, I think is an interesting problem as well. Yeah, it really is. I mean, my, I don't know the precise answers yet, but my sense is that this is where some of the experimentation we want to do around potential application of Mtech and large language models and, um, which would tell us in some instances in the, um, in sort of thinking about how that all ments our powers and increases our, um,
are ability to more proactively undertake particular things. I don't know necessarily how we would apply in that context, but it's potentially creates conditions whereby we're able, for instance, to basically do more proactively without necessarily requiring boggies to, or even, for instance, departments to be sort of
holding their hands up and coming forward right. So it's something around that. I mean, one of the things that, for instance, we're going to try and make some further progress on this next quarter is conglomerate as you might know, we do some work to define content quality, how you measure it, to what extent each of those individual measures matters and what the impact of those are. The thing that we need
to do that is to think about how do we routinely measure our performance against those criteria. I will have to extend beyond mainstream and into what will eventually provide us a picture of precisely what's happening. When you then get into sort of conversations around services, I don't know how you
would administer something around that. I'm not an expert for instance on how services are published and to maintain it maybe that's something that is a priority for me next in terms of my own development objectives over the next course of Princeton. But it's absolutely the right thing for us to be talking about is my observation generally is that CDDO have started to shrink from the overall
and sort of process of assuring what the partners are doing. That's some of that's been a strategic decision and some of this perhaps a bit because they've sort of prioritized other things. But you know this is one of those critical dependencies that I think relates to our desire to find ways for other government departments to work with this in mainstream but to be able to assure ourselves that you know the standards
as we set the being there. Could we do that right now? No, I don't think we could. We certainly couldn't do it if we relied on CDDOs to sort of form some kind of formation in that space. They no longer, for instance, sort of are undertaking service assessments routinely, aren't there? So sort of gradually being delegated to the direct components. You know, they're simultaneously there no longer prior
and content capabilities, one of those things that they're trying to develop across the country. We don't have a cross-government content, that is sort of profession as being a led and management. And that's certainly where that response, but if you can see it. So yeah, I think you have to arise. It's a real risk that we have to manage and think about. I'll be interested in, I think this is one of the priorities
the Robin who's not leading the hour, where is the potential application of this within our content design, eCoset, which is not about in World Waker, we've built this onto the front end and sort of had another channel for users to engage with us through. Although that obviously is one of the primary objectives of the initial
pilot but thinking about in what way could this be applied in existing processes and workflows or actually create a whole new capability that we just have a plan but that helps while we're in the shores of the things that we care about. So yeah and then it involved in the AI work early years right so you'll be interesting to get a reflection as you've gone on how that might be applied in in our sort of wider operating context. Yeah I think there will
be a few really interesting applications. I remember from the very first conversations, one of the first, one of the discussion points was demonstrating impact and value to the taxpayer and that was deemed external applications were deemed a better choice for that than internal. So making our jobs better or more efficient or increasing capacity internally was deemed less important in the first instance.
But I do think that's going to, I think it's going to come up at some point. Yeah, 100%. I mean, it's a weird thing isn't it? Like, there's a risk and a fear. Which I think is legitimate around the extent to which this will start, you know, sort of some of the roles that we have in most specifically in government UK, but in people sort of technology, in digital, more generally right, as well as in, you know, whole-over-arrays of the economy.
I, in this particular context, I am, and from our perspective, as leaders within who have a responsibility for this particular organization, I think the extent to which we want to do it, because we feel like we have a responsibility to think about how we create employment, how you're supporting people to develop and all that. I think the application that we would still want to see is in one way,
like superpower, the people that we have working in. I have some AI, you know, sort of operating in, in my own kind of personal workplace, right? So between my sort of task managers and my productivity app and my calendar and my email. And it does genuinely make me better at my job, I think, because it sort of enables me to focus more on the stuff that I should be focusing on. And of course, my day and less on
trying to work through those of putting it basically. It's a sort of an interesting thing. Like I would imagine that from Chris's perspective, she feels like she's getting more value out of me because I'm able to contribute more fully in conversations that I historically wouldn't have been able to because I was having to sort of play it through my back to whatever else it is. Right? So there's something about the potential applications in, in our workplace, in the way we approach our work, that
basically gives content designers new powers as opposed to sort of replacing them. Yeah, totally. There's a concept called automate the boring stuff, which I think this is a the next natural step in. Yeah, I mean, that would be awesome. I'm sorry, I've got a jump off actually to go and have a chat with Joe about the H. Monty product. Excellent. Really, really good to catch up. You might find that John is in touch at some point over the next
weeks to chat about video and what the next steps are on how we might progress with discovery for that sort of stuff. I do have video production experience if that would be useful at some point. That would be almost certainly be useful. We're not going to mandate it to pivot anytime soon but having people be able to travel about the ideas, see if that's a valid one.
If you have any questions about anything you see happening across SLT or in the wider programme where you see me do, we'll say something that is totally wrong. Is there any point? Give me a shout out to Chad about it. Lovely, we'll do. Thanks then.
