Okay, so I'm just recalling what happened on the 9th of December when the police came to the flat. I can't be bothered to write it down. It'll be easier if I speak it and then this transcribes it for me. But I was in the toilet and I heard a knock on the door and the doorbell went and I opened the door and there's two police officers standing there.
Okay, so I'm just recalling what happened on the 9th of December when the police came to the flat. I can't be bothered to write it down. It'll be easier if I speak it and then this transcribes it for me. But I was in the toilet and I heard a knock on the door and the doorbell went and I opened the door and there's two police officers standing there.
They came in and said that they'd been called out by someone because of a... I can't remember how they phrased it, but a domestic disturbance or domestic dispute. And asked if they could have a look around to which I said, yeah, that's totally fine. So they went and had a look in the, I think, sparium bedroom
living room kitchen briefly. Didn't touch anything, so as I know, just kind of walked around and had a look, I guess, making sure there wasn't anyone else in the house with me. Then they asked if I was here on my own and I said, yep, I can't remember how we came onto it whether they asked or how they asked it, but
I answered that I live with the partner, I live with Shan, and then they asked where she was, and I said she was out seeing friends. I think, ah, this should have written this down, I should have done this straight away, fuck, it's been too long now. Then they said they asked how long she'd been
I know, sorry, that no, then they asked how long I'd been in when she left, how long I'd been in the flat alone, had she been in at any point, and how did we have a fight? And I said, no, because she left early this morning, I think I said six or seven a.m. To go to work and she hasn't been back since,
that I have friend-ass and that I had just been on my own all evening without anyone else. And then one of the officers left and the one who stayed behind took mine and Shannon's details. So first names, last names, phone numbers, states of birth and the address of the flat.
And then he, his partner came back up with a laptop and log bird details in there. And then two more offices came up. So there was four of them in the flat with me at that point standing in the
and they, one of them asked me some similar questions to what I've been asked before about, do I live with a female and where is she? So I give the same answers that yes, I do and she's not here, she's been out since this morning, she went to work and then went straight to a friend's house from work and hasn't been back today yet. And then again, I can't remember if
If they asked, if it was a right to call her or if they just told me they were going to, not that it matters. But they said that, yeah, they then called one of them called Shen. And I think I could overhear them. I think I can't remember, it sounded like two questions. One was definitely
Something like... I can't remember if there's no point guessing. Shall I remember? Yeah. And then they kind of talk to them, talk to them, ask themselves for a second. They asked each other some questions like, you know, you've had a look around. There's, you know, there's no one else here. There's nothing, nothing funny.
the two officers who came up first were like, no, nothing. The first guy asked, oh, there's nothing like, you know, nothing. We just was talking about somebody said something about who ever going. And, you know, so there's, you know, there's not, and there's not been anything broken. Has there been anything like, no, no, nothing's broken? Everything's fine. And I said, at that point, I think I said this was
kind of a freaky thing to happen out of the blue all of a sudden. And then the first officer who spoke to me around the doorbell was saying that they were just like getting to the bottom of it and making sure that we that this flat wasn't who someone had called about. I suspect and I don't know what door number it is but the flat directly above us were at 23.
I suspect the flat directly above us is who was having the argument and I wonder if our new neighbor across the directly across from us the next door over on our floor. It's too cold because I've seen him, I think he works nights because I've seen him in leaving the house light and like lots of big high bizgare and I wonder if
He or someone in their apartment called because I've seen him on the doorbell camera before. When upstairs were being really loud, kind of just walking out of his door and peering up the stairs. I didn't see whether he went up or I didn't. At that time, I've ever seen him do that. This was maybe a couple of days before December 9th.
And that's when they were playing lots of loud music during the day. So I wonder if he was just annoyed that someone was keeping him up because if he works nights then he's gotten up during the day and I was getting on his nerves.
